Static Respose:
            If the response isn't varied from time to time and person to person
            then it is consider to static response.
            Log in is static response.

Dynamic Reponse:
            If the response is varied time to time and person to person 
            then it is consider to dynamic response.


login.html/login :: static response
update-profile :: Dynamic Response
check balance :: Dynamic Reponse

for java :: spring boot + database
for JS :: Node JS, Express + database
For Python :: Django framework + database

Framework :: Framework is the collection of files and 
            its provide the complete application development life cycle tools.
            Angular, Django, Spring Boot, Node JS, ASP.net are the example of frame work

Library :: Library is the collection of files only.
Bootstrap, React JS, JQuery are the library

Django :: Is it the free and open source web framework .
            It is written in python language.
            It followed Model View Template(MVT) Architecutre.
            Django maintained by Django software Foundation. 
            Story of Django behind is Newspaper, Lowrence Journal and available public 2005 july.
            Official Project is djangoproject.com


            MVC refers (Model Veiw Controller) and MVT refers (Model View Template)

Django Features:
1. Fast :
inbuilt databse and inbuilt server 
It is designed for to help developers and programmers, tech application from concept to completion
as quick as possible.

2. Full Loaded :
    Django provide common we development activity/task like user authentication, content management, content administration
    site map creation, RSS. 

3. Scalable:
    To meet heaviest traffic demand django has available.
    Flexible to meet heavy traffic.

4. Versatile: 
    It we want developp ecommerce, we application, Social media application, content management application
    for any types of company so django is versatile.

5. Secure:
    Cross-site request forgery. 

Sequences of Activities:
How to create a django project ?
> python --version
> py -m django --version

install django using -pip/pip3
pip install django

crate project: project means collection of application + configuration information


How to create django projcet ?

django-admin start-project firstproject 
if showing internal/external command not found then use 
python.exe -m pip install --upgrade pip


create virtual environment
For virtaul environment
python -m venv django-env
django-env\Scripts\activate

manage.py:: 
The most commonly used python script file is manage.py
command line utility to interact Django Project in various way
like - run server, run test cases, create migration, create super user

__init__.py ::
called as a package, acting as a module 
It is blank/empty python file.Django treated as current folder is a pyton package.

asgi.py ::
Application Server Gateway Interface.

wsgi.py
Web Server Gateway Interface
we can use this file setting, while deploying the application production

settings.py::
we have to specify all ours project settings and configuration like, installed apps, middleware information, databse 
configuration information.

urls.py:: 
we have to store all application in pattern , store all our application in url patterns


install django
django-admin  startproject <projectname>
py manage.py startapp userapp
py manage.py runserver


Create first Web Application
startproject
startapp
runserver

Step 1: 